let's take a few minutes to look at how
you put a paid app on to your iPad for
me to get started I'm going to open up a
browser window I'm going to go to apples
a volume purchase program website what
typing in VPP
once the page loads I'm going to click
on sign in and sign in with my unique
bogen program facilitator ID and
password
now at this point when you log into the
educational store you see your current
value credit on the account you can
redeem a voucher by clicking here and
then if you click on your your profile
name what you get is a running list of
all the previous purchases you've made
so you can inventory those particular
purchases we're going to look for an app
called notability a note ability is a
PDF reader that allows you to interact
with the pdfs and annotate them and then
export those as a new PDF to turn into
the teacher i click on notability here i
select the ipad app and then you get a
fairly good description of what
notability can do if you scroll down
here and then what also you are given is
an accounting and you see that if you
purchase up to 19 of the apps it costs
you you know almost two dollars if you
purchase one more app it goes to half
price so a rule of thumb here at bogan
is that if I'm going to be purchasing
more than ten copies of a nap I always
purchase at least 20 that way I get it
at a half price and then able to get
extra codes that I can bank and use at a
later date for this particular teachers
cart there are 28 iPads but then the
teacher has an iPad as well so I'm going
to actually buy 29 codes for that so
that way the teacher has redemption code
for himself click on continue and then
I'm going to be prompted to confirm my
purchase I'm going to click on buy and
now it will take probably three to five
minutes for the VPP site to generate
this Fred sheet of codes for you to
download in the meantime you get this
little process of status here and then
you can see below all the other codes i
purchased with the spreadsheets
let me log into my gmail account and
that way I can wait and see when I get
that email
and here's the email that's generated it
says bogan pf1 your codes are ready to
be downloaded you can go to your volume
purchase program account and then click
download link next to the item
I'm going to click the link and then
you're going to notice how the download
comes up in the lower left-hand corner
all right now that the codes are
downloaded let me click on the
spreadsheet if you click just one time
it will it should prompted to open and
then I'm going to take the very first
coat of the 29 and if I triple click and
then I hit command C I can copy that
particular alphanumeric code and then I
want to open up itunes and I'm going to
use this one code to redeem a copy of
that app so i can then fish it out of
itunes and add it to configurator so now
that I'm in the itunes store i'm going
to come over here to redeem and then i'm
going to be prompted to sign in
and then I can come down here and hit
command V to paste the code comes up
with an i hit redeem and then about a
second or two I'm going to get a message
that says the code has been redeemed and
your app is now downloading which you
can see right here now that our app has
finished downloading what we can do
actually as we can verify that it is in
our library by clicking on library and
then we see notability as appeared right
there and then I'm going to click once
on configurator to open up that
particular software I have yet to
connect my iPads to the macbook pro so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
click on prepare and then click on apps
and at this point i want to check all
these apps that way when i update the
ipad with notability these free apps
stay on the iPads at this point i'm
going to hit plus and then let me back
out so you can see exactly what i have
to click on first you click on music and
then you click on itunes itunes media
mobile applications and here you see
notability i click to open notability
type in my password and then it'll load
in in about 10 to 15 seconds
once a paid app has been put onto your
abs list double click on the zero and
you need to import the redemption codes
which is that spreadsheet that I
downloaded from the VPP website and
click on import redemption codes and now
I remember that that particular excel
file went to my downloads folder it's
right here I click on it once and then I
click on open and now you see all the
codes populate on the right are on the
left hand side at this point I'm going
to hit done and now I see that I have 29
available codes at this point you see
that I have 29 redemption codes and
remember i have 28 iPads in the cart
plus i have the extra code to give to my
teacher once this particular syncing
process is finished I now have 28 of 28
club plugged in I'm going to click on
the app's section I want to check
notability you can leave the paid apps
check that's alright by leaving them
checked what it's going to do is this
going to tell configurator that there
may be an iPad that needs this extra
code and when it doesn't find it it's
just going to default to leaving the one
in its place so at this point I'm going
to hit apply and then just I'm just
going to give it some time so at this
point I've hit apply and as you can see
I have status for each one of the iPad
that comes up here giving me an
estimated time remaining until the ipad
has been fully synced and updated as a
time goes by you see that this list of
iPads in the right hand side collapses
in on itself until there are none left
at that particular point in time if
there's any feedback that configurators
giving you such as a device was unable
to be configured or updated you're going
to get a status message in this area
here and as the iPads finish this
particular clock will change into a
battery icon meaning of these iPads are
done and you can see that they're now
charging at this point you see that
there are no status messages on that
we're communicated to me via
configurator in fact it came back to my
apps page so now the last thing for you
to do before you close out a
configurator is to unplug a couple of
your iPad that random to
sure that the apps you wanted to have
installed are installed here it shows me
that I have one code left so what I can
do now is I can tell the teacher that
they can open up configurator and they
can double click here and now they see
the codes available for them right there
to redeem on their own iPad
you